Leisure Construction - Light Weight Content Management System (LWCMS)

Version:  Release Candidate 3 (RC3) 1.1.0

1. User

The user management section give you access to create, update password, active/deactivate and delete users.  All users
are consider "admin" and will have full access to the CMS system.

When you first enter the user section you will be display a list of user accounts.  The columns are fairly self
explanatory but for easy of use we'll break down what each option does.

The 'Username' field is the users login name.  No personal or meta account information is used in this system, so a
username can be anything from a alias to a first.last combination or anything in between.

The 'Active' field indicates whether or not the account is currently active.  This is indicated by a check in the box.
An inactive account will show up as an X.  To activate or deactivate an account, simply click on the button.

The 'Password' field is used solely to reset or change a password.  Passwords are stored on the database in a 1-way
encrypted format and thus cannot be retrieved.  In the event a user forgets their password, another use can access
the user management page and reset it for them.  To do this, simply type in the new password and hit the 'wrench' button
next to the input field.

The 'Delete' field is used to completely remove a users account.  This will not remove their presence from the system,
it will simply remove them from the page and prevent further access for that account.  Any other content updated by that
user will not be affected by this.

To create a new user, select the "New" button to the upper left and a pop up will appear with fields for username and
password.  Fill these in and select create a new a user will be created.

2. Audit

The audit screen has no function other than giving an inside view into whats been going on with the site from an admin
stand point.  Events such as a high number of failed login attempts, content creation/change, and login successes are
all tracked here.

The screen has three columns, Date, action and alert level.  Date is the server time that was logged when the event was
tracked.  Action is a blurb about what has occurred, this will generally log the user who performed the action and what
action was performed.  The alert level column indicates the severity of the event.  For the most part, events will be
notices and info level events, only in server failure cases will a critical event be logged.  The 'Alert' level is used
to indicate issues such as excessive failed login attempts.

You can search for key words using the search field above, to narrow it down, you can use multiple words separated by
a space.  For instance, searching for "Error" might yield all errors logged in the system, where as searching for a
more specific item such as "error image" would yield errors related to image actions such as failed uploads if they're
caught by the system.

You also have the option to filter using the 'Filter' button in the upper left.  This allows audit logs to be filtered
by date range and by alert levels.

3. Image

The image section is where the bulk of the heavy lifting occurs in the management system.  This screen is responsible
for adding new images, assigning them to galleries, labeling, edited and so for.

Images are not identified by name within the system, they're assigned a GUID (Global Unique Identification Number) which
allows the system to quickly locate the images.  This also allows the image to be easily assigned and reassigned to a
different gallery should the need arise.

The 'Title' column indicates the images title.  While some displays do not use the title, this can be used to label an
image.

The 'Caption' column indicates the blurb about the image.  The gallery display uses this to build the over-lay text
along with the Title when displayed in a gallery.

The 'Create Date' column indicates the date that the image was uploaded to the system.

The 'Gallery' column indicates what gallery this image belongs to.

Like the User section, there are 3 actions that can be performed.  An image can be activated/deactivated in the same
manner as a user.  Images can also be deleted from the system.

Unlike the User section, the 'Edit' option for images is a little more involved.

When you select the 'Edit' button, you'll be taking to the edit Meta screen.  This allows for the Title and Caption to
be updated.  It also allows for assignment to a different gallery.

You may also view the image and it's related thumbnail using the "View" button to the upper left.

The search options for images is a little more limited, you can only narrow the images down by gallery.

Like the User section, you add a new image, select the "New" button, this will allow you to select an image for upload,
give it a title and caption as well as assign it to a gallery.  Bear in mind that new images come in deactivated in case
they need to be adjusted.  So if you're happy with the image, you can select 'Activate' on the new image and it will be
picked up the next time the gallery is loaded.

A special feature of the 'Edit' image section is the re-size option.  This allows you to re-size an image that is
already uploaded to the server.  To do this, select 'Resize'.  This will take you to a screen with image information
such as the image's server side ID and the images size.  You may alter the images size here.  To preview the change,
select the 'preview' button.  This will re-size the image and show you the result.  If you are unhappy with the result
or the image becomes skewed due to excessive resizing, you may hit the back button, then select the 'Resize' button
again as no changes are made to the original image until the 'Save' option is selected.  The 'Save' option will not
appear until after the image has been previewed at least once.

Two things are to note about this feature.  In the even that the image is saved and the image does not appear different,
it is more than likely because the image has been cached by the web browser.  I would suggest you back out of the edit
screen and refresh the view, then view the image again if this happen.  That will usually correct the cache.

The other thing to keep in mind is that images scale down much easier than they scale up.  Taking an image from 1200px
down to 600px will retain much more of the images integrity than going from 600px to 1200px.  This is due to image
artifacts caused by the software attempting to guess what goes in the empty space created by enlarging an image.  If
high quality images cannot be obtained through the re-size tool, it is recommended to use a PhotoShop like image tool
to re-size and re-upload an image.  This is unfortunately a limit of the software the server has at it's disposal.

4. About

Unlike other sections the about sections display and edit is built into a single screen.  This is because it always
displays the current about section.

The about section has 3 parts to it.  The header, which is a larger title displayed above the entire section, the lead
in, which is a run in sentence to the main body, and then the body, which is the bulk of the page.

This section allows for HTML tags to be used to style the page.  Any valid HTML is accepted, but keep in mind that this
can break or effect the layout if it is not compatible with the layout.

At the top of the screen is a small question mark button, this will display a small blurb with tips.

5. Endorsers

Similar to both the Edit image and About controllers, the endorser options allow you to Add, Edit and Delete
endorsements which appear in the 'What Our Customers Say' section of the primary website display.

You may hide these without deleting them by selecting the 'Activate/Deactivate' option in the same manner as user
and image entries.

You may also select the edit option which will give you the ability to edit both the endorser as well as the message
body.